Project Name: Stopwatch

Description:

This project creates a visually appealing and functional stopwatch with the following features:

Start, pause, and reset functionality
Lap recording and display
Lap clearing
Sleek and responsive design with an animated background
Features:

Stopwatch functionality:
Start, pause, and reset the timer.
Display elapsed minutes, seconds, and milliseconds in a clear format.
Lap recording:
Create and display lap times along with their corresponding lap numbers.
Each lap is displayed as a separate list item for easy viewing.
Lap clearing:
Clear all recorded laps with a single click.
Responsive design:
The stopwatch adapts smoothly to different screen sizes and devices.
Animated background:
Adds a visually engaging element during active timing.
Getting Started:

Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/wtfashwin/stopwatch-project.git
Open the HTML file:
Open the index.html file in any web browser.
Usage:

Start the stopwatch: Click the "Play" button.
Pause the stopwatch: Click the "Pause" button.
Reset the stopwatch: Click the "Reset" button to reset the timer and clear all lap records.
Add a lap: Click the "Lap" button during timing to record a lap time.
Clear all laps: Click the "Clear All" button (located at the bottom of the lap list) to clear all recorded laps.
Technologies Used:

HTML: Provides the basic structure and content.
CSS: Styles the visual elements and animation.
JavaScript: Adds interactivity and timer functionality.
Contributing:

Fork the repository.
Make changes and test them locally.
Create a pull request to contribute your changes.

Additional Notes:

Feel free to customize the project further by adding features or changing the design elements.
If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please feel free to create an issue on the GitHub repository.
Further Enhancement Ideas:

Implement keyboard shortcuts for start, pause, reset, and lap functionalities.
Add audio feedback for start, pause, and lap actions based on user preferences.
Explore different color palettes or background animations for customization options.
